Since Lady De entered the palace,
the Empress Dowager’s health has started to deteriorate.
I don’t know if it’s just a coincidence,
but it’s true that after Lady De came to the palace,
the Empress Dowager has become increasingly frail.
But wasn’t the Empress Dowager’s illness
caused by Lady Lin’s dark magic?
At first,
I also believed the illness was due to Lady Lin’s dark magic.
After finding the child,
the Empress Dowager did regain some clarity,
but afterward, her condition
deteriorated day by day.
Even with the court physicians,
there has been no improvement.
In the previous life, the Empress Dowager was poisoned to death by Consort Guang.
But now, she has been sent to the cold palace.
Could she still have some extraordinary powers?
Empress,
now only you can save the Empress Dowager.
Momo, don’t worry.
Since I am aware of this matter,
I will take responsibility.
Momo,
just continue taking good care of the Empress Dowager in the Cining Palace.
Once I find out the truth,
I will certainly inform you.
Thank you, Empress.
Then I will take my leave.
I’ll take my leave now.
Biyuan,
Yes.
You go.
Empress, please have some tea.
How did it go? Did you follow my instructions?
Yes, I took a detour on my way back as you instructed.
As you expected,
the Yao Hua Palace is very lively.
Oh,
why is it so lively inside?
Many of the ladies in the harem
like to come here to have tea and chat with Lady De.
Does Lady De treat you well?
Lady De is very kind to her servants.
She is very approachable.
Which palace are you from?
I’m from the Internal Affairs Bureau.
It seems that your impression of her is correct.
Could it be that Momo was overthinking it?